Add basic stuff to the readme (#31)
decompals/ultralib: README.md

# ultralib

Reverse engineering of libultra

## Compatibility

Currently this repo supports building the following versions:

| IDO / GCC  | `libultra.a` / `libgultra.a` | `libultra_d.a` / `libgultra_d.a` | `libultra_rom.a` / `libgultra_rom.a` |
| -          | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| 2.0E       | :x: / N/A | :x: / N/A | :x: / N/A |
| 2.0F       | :x: / N/A | :x: / N/A | :x: / N/A |
| 2.0G       | :x: / N/A | :x: / N/A | :x: / N/A |
| 2.0H       | :x: / :x: | :x: / :x: | :x: / :x: |
| 2.0I       | :x: / :x: | :x: / :x: | :x: / :x: |
| 2.0I_patch | :x: / :x: | :x: / :x: | :x: / :x: |
| 2.0J       | :x: / :x: | :x: / :x: | :x: / :x: |
| 2.0K       | :x: / :x: | :x: / :x: | :x: / :x: |
| 2.0L       | :x: / :x: | :x: / :x: | :x: / :heavy_check_mark: |
| ique_v1.5  | :x: | :x: | :x: |

## Preparation

> After clonning the repo, put a copy of `libgultra_rom.a` on the root of this directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After cloning the repo, put a copy of the target archive on the root of this directory.
```
Sure only `libgultra_rom.a` is supported, but hopefully not for long :). Might as well make it more generic.
Also small misspelling with `cloning`.
